The goal is to predict the future sales of superstore and to select a suitable model which can support seasonability of future sales and also to find the perfect period in terms of monthly, daily, quarterly or weekly. This is the study of the time series analysis of sales data from 2014 to 2018. First, analysation of data is done and then the seasonal decomposition of data and then forecasted with ARIMA (Auto Regressive Integrated Moving Average) model and Prophet model. Then selection of model is done by considering the smallest value of AIC (Akaike Information Criteria) and then RMSE (Root Mean Square Error). Here the RMSE of ARIMA model is less as compared to Prophet Model. So, ARIMA model is helpful for forecasting the seasonability data. Prophet Model is also used for finding the most suitable periods in daily and weekly.
MSE is calculated by taking the average of the squares of the errors. MSE is always positive and lesser the MSE value, more chance of finding the line of best fit
Root Mean Square error is measured as the differences between estimated values and predicted values of the model.
ARIMA model has an RMSE value of 151.64 and was able to forecast the average daily furniture sales in the test set within RMSE value of the real sales. Prophet model  has an RMSE value of 786.77 and was able to forecast the average daily furniture sales and office sales in the test set within RMSE value of the real sales.
Therefore, ARIMA model is suitable for a perfect fit to the date as its RMSE value is lower than RMSE of Prophet Model. Moreover, Prophet Model won’t be able to show monthly and weekly pattern of data. 
There are many other time-series analysis techniques with which one can predict, such as forecast with uncertainty bounds, anomaly detection and change point, forecast time-series with other external data source.
